Personal information

HeptApp built the Voice Recorder Pro app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by HeptApp at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Permission requests explained

In our application, We request somes sensitive permissions to make functions of application work properly:

android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO: This permission used to record your voice.
android.permission.STORAGE, android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, and android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: This permission is used to read/write on internal and external storage to save the recordings.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
